update windows build guide (#47840)
pytorch/pytorch: README.md

On Windows

Build with CPU

It's fairly easy to build with CPU. Visual Studio 2019 version 16.7.6 (MSVC toolchain version 14.27) or higher is recommended.

Build with CUDA

> [NVTX](https://docs.nvidia.com/gameworks/content/gameworkslibrary/nvtx/nvidia_tools_extension_library_nvtx.htm) is needed to build Pytorch with CUDA

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[NVTX](https://docs.nvidia.com/gameworks/content/gameworkslibrary/nvtx/nvidia_tools_extension_library_nvtx.htm) is needed to build Pytorch with CUDA.
```

NVTX is a part of CUDA distributive, where it is called "Nsight Compute". To install it onto already installed CUDA run CUDA installation once again and check the corresponding checkbox.
Make sure that CUDA with Nsight Compute is installed after Visual Studio.

Currently, VS 2017 / 2019, and Ninja are supported as the generator of CMake. If `ninja.exe` is detected in `PATH`, then Ninja will be used as the default generator, otherwise, it will use VS 2017 / 2019.

> <br/> If Ninja is selected as the generator, the latest MSVC wil get selected as the underlying toolchain.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<br/> If Ninja is selected as the generator, the latest MSVC will get selected as the underlying toolchain.
```

> CUDA and MSVC, MSVC and PyTorch have version dependency, please install the matched versions. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
MSVC has version dependencies with CUDA and PyTorch, so please install matching versions. 
```

> CUDA and MSVC, MSVC and PyTorch have version dependency, please install the matched versions. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CUDA, MSVC, and PyTorch versions are interdependent; please install matching versions from this table:
```

| CUDA version | Newest supported VS version                             | PyTorch version |
| ------------ | ------------------------------------------------------- | --------------- |
| 9.2          | Visual Studio 2017 Update 5 (15.5) (`_MSC_VER` <= 1912) |  0.4.1 ~ 1.5.1  |
| 10.1         | Visual Studio 2019 (16.X) (`_MSC_VER` < 1930)           |  1.3.0 ~ 1.7.0  |
| 10.2         | Visual Studio 2019 (16.X) (`_MSC_VER` < 1930)           |  1.5.0 ~ 1.7.0  |
| 11.0         | Visual Studio 2019 (16.X) (`_MSC_VER` < 1930)           |      1.7.0      |

> Note: There's a [compilation issue](https://github.com/oneapi-src/oneDNN/issues/812) in serveral Visual Studio 2019 versions since 16.7.1 . So please make sure your Visual Studio 2019 version is not in 16.7.1 ~ 16.7.5

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note: There's a [compilation issue](https://github.com/oneapi-src/oneDNN/issues/812) in serveral Visual Studio 2019 versions since 16.7.1, so please make sure your Visual Studio 2019 version is not in 16.7.1 ~ 16.7.5.
```

> Additional libraries are often needed such as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additional libraries such as
```

> [Magma](https://developer.nvidia.com/magma), [oneDNN, a.k.a MKLDNN or DNNL](https://github.com/oneapi-src/oneDNN), and [Sccache](https://github.com/mozilla/sccache) are often needed. Please refer to the [installation-helper](https://github.com/pytorch/pytorch/tree/master/.jenkins/pytorch/win-test-helpers/installation-helpers) to install them.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Magma](https://developer.nvidia.com/magma), [oneDNN, a.k.a MKLDNN or DNNL](https://github.com/oneapi-src/oneDNN), and [Sccache](https://github.com/mozilla/sccache). Please refer to the [installation-helper](https://github.com/pytorch/pytorch/tree/master/.jenkins/pytorch/win-test-helpers/installation-helpers) to install them.
```

Author: repeated one is deleted.

> You can refer to [build_pytorch.bat](https://github.com/pytorch/pytorch/blob/master/.jenkins/pytorch/win-test-helpers/build_pytorch.bat) script for some other environment variables configurations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can refer to the [build_pytorch.bat](https://github.com/pytorch/pytorch/blob/master/.jenkins/pytorch/win-test-helpers/build_pytorch.bat) script for some other environment variable configurations.
```

```cmd
cmd

> :: [Optional] If you want to build with VS 2017 generator for old CUDA and PyTorch, please change the value in the next line to `Visual Studio 15 2017`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:: [Optional] If you want to build with the VS 2017 generator for old CUDA and PyTorch, please change the value in the next line to `Visual Studio 15 2017`.
```

On Windows

Build with CPU

> It's faily easy to build with CPU. It is recommended to build the latest baseline with Visual Studio 2019 version 16.7.6 or higher. 

Reviewer 3: faily -> fairly
Also sentences starting with repeated `it is` are not good.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
It's fairly easy to build with CPU. Visual Studio 2019 version 16.7.6 (MSVC toolchain version 14.27) or higher is recommended.
```

> Build with Cuda

Reviewer 3: Cuda -> CUDA

> [NVTX](https://docs.nvidia.com/gameworks/content/gameworkslibrary/nvtx/nvidia_tools_extension_library_nvtx.htm) are needed to build Pytorch with Cuda

Reviewer 3: are -> is

Reviewer 3: Cuda -> CUDA

NVTX is a part of CUDA distributive, where it is called "Nsight Compute". To install it onto already installed CUDA run CUDA installation once again and check the corresponding checkbox.

> Be sure that CUDA with Nsight Compute is installed after Visual Studio.

Reviewer 3: Be sure -> Make sure

Currently, VS 2017 / 2019, and Ninja are supported as the generator of CMake. If `ninja.exe` is detected in `PATH`, then Ninja will be used as the default generator, otherwise, it will use VS 2017 / 2019.
<br/> If Ninja is selected as the generator, the latest MSVC wil get selected as the underlying toolchain.

CUDA and MSVC, MSVC and Pytorch have version dependency, please install the matched versions. 

> | CUDA version | Newest supported VS version                             | Pytorch version |

Reviewer 3: Pytorch -> PyTorch

| ------------ | ------------------------------------------------------- | --------------- |

> | 9.2          | Visual Studio 2017 Update 5 (15.5) (`_MSC_VER` <= 1912) |       <= 1.6    |

Reviewer 3: It will be great if you could figure out the lower bound for PyTorch version.

Author: good suggestion. Do you know the exact lower bound?

Reviewer 3: I guess you may figure it out by taking a look at `http://download.pytorch.org/whl/{cu92/cu100/cu101}/torch_stable.html`.

| 10.0         | Visual Studio 2017 (15.X) (`_MSC_VER` < 1920)           |       <= 1.6    |

> | 10.1 ~ 11.0  | Visual Studio 2019 (16.X) (`_MSC_VER` < 1930)           |       >= 1.7    |

Reviewer 4: Is there a suggested python version for this matrix as well?

Reviewer 5: The minimum supported version is 3.6.2, according to setup.py. I added a series of recommended Python version in the Linux guide in #47593 to fix an issue related to anaconda.

Author: since the suggestion python version is mentioned at the beginning of https://github.com/pytorch/pytorch#from-source and it's platform agnostic. I think we might not add it once more.

> [Magma](https://developer.nvidia.com/magma), [oneDNN, a.k.a MKLDNN or DNNL](https://github.com/oneapi-src/oneDNN), [Sccache](https://github.com/oneapi-src/oneDNN) are often needed. Please refer  https://github.com/pytorch/pytorch/tree/master/.jenkins/pytorch/win-test-helpers/installation-helpers to install them.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Additional libraries are often needed such as: [Magma](https://developer.nvidia.com/magma), [oneDNN, a.k.a MKLDNN or DNNL](https://github.com/oneapi-src/oneDNN) and [Sccache](https://github.com/oneapi-src/oneDNN). Please refer to the [installation-helper](https://github.com/pytorch/pytorch/tree/master/.jenkins/pytorch/win-test-helpers/installation-helpers) script to install them.
```
Also . SCCACHE link is to oneDNN. please fix.

Author: Good catch!

> Some environment variables could be refer https://github.com/pytorch/pytorch/blob/master/.jenkins/pytorch/win-test-helpers/build_pytorch.bat

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
You can refer to [build_pytorch.bat](https://github.com/pytorch/pytorch/blob/master/.jenkins/pytorch/win-test-helpers/build_pytorch.bat) script for environment variable configurations.
```
Also I am not sure what this paragraph has to do with the previous one. (might be in the wrong place?)

Author: Does the previous one refer to those additional libraries, Magma, oneDNN and sccache?
Not like Linux, besides those additional libs, users have to set CUDA_PATH, CUDNN_LIB_DIR, and other envs in windows.
If they uses Sccache, they have to set some [special envs](https://github.com/pytorch/pytorch/blob/8ff0b6fef822edae1b557649b09dccfdaa52a2e3/.jenkins/pytorch/win-test-helpers/build_pytorch.bat#L94-L110) to avoid intermittent [build error](https://github.com/pytorch/pytorch/issues/25393).

```cmd
cmd

:: Note: This value is useless if Ninja is detected. However, you can force that by using `set USE_NINJA=OFF`.
set CMAKE_GENERATOR=Visual Studio 16 2019

:: Read the content in the previous section carefully before you proceed.
:: [Optional] If you want to override the underlying toolset used by Ninja and Visual Studio with CUDA, please run the following script block.
:: "Visual Studio 2019 Developer Command Prompt" will be run automatically.
:: Make sure you have CMake >= 3.12 before you do this when you use the Visual Studio generator.

> set CMAKE_GENERATOR_TOOLSET_VERSION=14.27

Reviewer 3: We may omit this line since CUDA don't force the subversions starting from 10.1. But we may tell the user that it is possible to do that using this variable.

Author: I'm a little afraid it might confuse users since it's too detail. Let me think how to make it clear and simple

Author: since vcvarsall.bat needs the variable， shall we keep it？

Reviewer 3: I'm okay with that.

set DISTUTILS_USE_SDK=1
for /f "usebackq tokens=*" %i in (`"%ProgramFiles(x86)%\Microsoft Visual Studio\Installer\vswhere.exe" -version [15^,16^) -products * -latest -property installationPath`) do call "%i\VC\Auxiliary\Build\vcvarsall.bat" x64 -vcvars_ver=%CMAKE_GENERATOR_TOOLSET_VERSION%

:: [Optional] If you want to override the Cuda host compiler
set CUDAHOSTCXX=C:\Program Files (x86)\Microsoft Visual Studio\2019\Community\VC\Tools\MSVC\14.27.29110\bin\HostX64\x64\cl.exe

python setup.py install

```

> There's a compilation issue in serveral Visual Studio 2019 versions since 16.7.1 (https://github.com/oneapi-src/oneDNN/issues/812). So please make sure your Visual Studio 2019 version is not in 16.7.1 ~ 16.7.5

Reviewer 3: It is better to place this paragraph in a better place. Usually users won't read to the end.
